Feat: Introduce isFluid prop for PartnerLogo #DS-1767 (#2008)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/web-react/src/components/PartnerLogo/README.md

</PartnerLogo>
```

> ℹ️ You can also make the logo adjust to the size of its container in which it is placed. See [Fluid Size](#fluid-size) section for more details.

Reviewer: **nitpick:** 
```suggestion
ℹ️ You can also make the logo adjust to the size of the container in which it is placed. See [Fluid Size](#fluid-size) section for more details.
```

</PartnerLogo>
```

### Contain

> To make the `PartnerLogo` adjusts to the size of its container, use the `contain` prop. This allows the logo to scale while preserving its aspect ratio

Author: reworded

> and ensures it is vertically and horizontally aligned within the container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and ensures its vertically and horizontally aligned within the container.
```

or 

```suggestion
and ensures that it is vertically and horizontally aligned within the container.
```

Author: reworded

## API

| Name          | Type                               | Default  | Required | Description                                                   |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------- | -------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `children`    | `ReactNode`                        | `null`   | ✓        | Content of the PartnerLogo                                    |

> | `contain`     | `boolean`                          | `false`  | ✕        | If true, the PartnerLogo adjusts to the size of its container |

Reviewer 3: **question:** Not sure about "contain" name prop, for booleans props are usually used names like `has*` or `is*`.

Reviewer 2: Agree. I would suggest:
```suggestion
| `isFluid`     | `boolean`                          | `false`  | ✕        | If true, the PartnerLogo adjusts to the size of its container |
```

Author: reworded

| `size`        | [Size dictionary][dictionary-size] | `medium` | ✕        | Size of the PartnerLogo                                       |

> | `hasSafeArea` | `boolean`                          | `true`   | ✕        | If false, the PartnerLogo is displayed without safe area      |

Reviewer 3: **nitpick:** 🔤
